FIX LinearDiscriminantAnalysis support for mixed namespace/device array API inputs (#34475)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/array-api/34475.fix.rst

- :class:`discriminant_analysis.LinearDiscriminantAnalysis` now supports array

>   API inputs where `y` are from a different namespace or
>   device than `X`, moving them to the namespace and device of `X` while keeping
>   `classes_` in the namespace and device of `y`.
>   By :user:`Kiyarash Fazeli <Fazel94>`.

Reviewer: I think this much should be sufficient
```suggestion
- :class:`discriminant_analysis.LinearDiscriminantAnalysis` now supports array
  API inputs where `y` is from a different namespace or device than `X`.
  By :user:`Kiyarash Fazeli <Fazel94>`.
```
